README.md, before:

## Hi, I'am Khorshida 👋
🎓 Computer Science & Engineering (CSE) student. AIUB
💻 Interested in software engineering and web development
📚 Currently focused on academic projects and improving practical coding skills

## 🔧 Skills & Technologies
- **Frontend:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Next.js

- **Backend:** PHP (basic), NestJS

- **Database:** SQL, PostgreSQL(basic) , Oracle Database (PL/SQL basics)
  
- **Programming Concepts:** Logic building, loops, functions, array
 
- **Tools:** Git, GitHub, Postman, XAMPP, VS CODE, LaTex(For ML paper)

## 🌱 Currently Learning

Improving JavaScript fundamentals

Better project structuring and documentation

Software engineering concepts and best practices
<!--
**khorshida/khorshida** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Add projects section to README
Added a new section for projects worked on during academic journey.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'am Khorshida 👋
🎓 Computer Science & Engineering (CSE) student. AIUB
💻 Interested in software engineering and web development
📚 Currently focused on academic projects and improving practical coding skills

## 🔧 Skills & Technologies
- **Frontend:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Next.js

- **Backend:** PHP (basic), NestJS

- **Database:** SQL, PostgreSQL(basic) , Oracle Database (PL/SQL basics)
  
- **Programming Concepts:** Logic building, loops, functions, array
 
- **Tools:** Git, GitHub, Postman, XAMPP, VS CODE, LaTex(For ML paper)

## 🌱 Currently Learning

Better project structuring and documentation

Software engineering concepts and best practices

## 📂 Projects

Here are some of the projects I’ve worked on during my academic journey:
- **Job Portal:** Implementation of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP

<!--
**khorshida/khorshida** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
